well it's good to have you here when did
you get it did you feel the earthquake I
did not
luckily hopefully I don't have to fill
it well until the ESPYs yeah that's that
but I got in today so flew in this
morning and got here no earthquake so
we're going good so far we're at a
bachelor party in Nashville this weekend
yeah a bachelor party in Nashville the
voice which is already kind of horse is
kind of going back and forth with me so
okay it was with one of my buddies from
back home and we went to Nashville and I
had the cowboy hat on and I was kind of
just walking down the street no one was
even noticing that disguise you with the
cowboy yeah now with your old friends if
you go to a bachelor party you know
whatever are you do they does everyone
have to behave themselves because you're
there now I mean they're supposed to
there's suppose you have to pay for
everything since you are the NFL player
I do sometimes but they tried like they
always get real mad if I do oh they're
cool like that they don't want to seem
like they're trying to use me now now
I'm in the NFL they want to kind of
treatment exactly the same as I did when
we were we were back in middle school
together is the wedding going to be
during the football season or will you
be able to attend yeah this year I'm not
gonna be able to make this one so he's
having in August I told him I'm in the
middle of training camp uh-huh and he
was like yeah but you have off days I
was like I'm not gonna fly to Texas on
my off day together go to a wedding it's
uh it's definitely nauseous I'm not
getting to make it but I was glad I got
to make the bachelor party well I'm glad
you did too you had some season laughs
you deserve a bachelor party I mean
really and an unbelievable season and
you are you have a very powerful arm or
both your arms powerful or just the one
I think both my arms and both my legs -
your dad is a former major league
baseball player which has got to be the
greatest is it great to have a dad and
play baseball yeah it was awesome and I
grew I played baseball growing up my
entire life yeah it was rafted by what
the Tigers right yeah very very late but
I was drafted and I remember they
actually called me and they said we know
you're not coming we'll see you in three
years no that's all they say on the
phone I said all right I went to college
was your dad disappointed that you chose
football over baseball my dad and mom
neither one were disappointed they
always told me whatever I do just be the
you can either do the best you can at it
and so whenever I was choosing football
in baseball which one I was going with
they told me to make my decision and run
with it when I was younger my dad wanted
me to be a baseball player for sure
mm-hmm but as I got older I knew he felt
how much I loved football and how much I
wanted to follow that dream we have some
video which is pretty unbelievable
you're eight years old let's roll that
video you're playing basketball and they
are and you that tied the game that shot
yeah it's a it's a real funny story we
were in a basketball camp and I was kind
of playing up with the older kids and
since it was like camp we were like
eight nine years old they said there was
no three-pointers so that I thought when
I hit it I won the game because we were
down two points but we actually went
overtime after that you got cheated out
of the boy that's what I said I mean won
the game in overtime they did of course
we are celebrated it was all over after
that so you're living in Kansas City now
you love Kansas City I love it I
honestly do I mean look we might the
Chiefs fans she's Kingdom right here
yeah by the way I don't want to alarm
you but I learned a bit tidbit about the
gentleman and the actually well I know a
lot about both of these guys but a
little more about the guy in the red
shirt I'm stand up would you all mind
showing us what you have emblazoned on
your body now this is the kind of
loyalty that you've already inspired
there
so I'm from Reno Missouri oh I bet my
hometown I've been out here 11 years I'm
a pizza driver in Burbank okay I bet my
hometown that we would never drop the
franchise quarterback we've been through
a lot of hard years and I bet them two
years ago we wouldn't draft you and then
when I came home for Christmas last
Christmas my brother Logan Shackleford
he is 16 hours one session for the
first-ever champ stand man I love you
it's not I know I know they've been I
know they've been tweeting and tagging
you man it's not complete unless you
sign it oh yeah well we'll see if you
want to if you want to when you deliver
a pizza do you ever pull the shirt up
and show it to the customers all the
time I've been out here 11 years and I
caught my big break with a the champ
stamp
yeah hometown celebrity now a madman
well you got a win by the way because it
says champ stamp on his this is gonna be
the saddest thing ever if you don't win
a Super Bowl yeah hopefully we can get a
couple of them yeah yeah I get a couple
tattoos and then maybe you get a tattoo
of him yeah
[Applause]
wow that's pretty crazy
they gotta be strange I know people just
assume that this is what you're used to
because you're in the NFL but you know
you're just a guy and now there's
another guy with you you on him no yeah
it's definitely crazy
about the same time I mean you love it
like you say Kansas City is such an
amazing city and they've really embraced
me coming there and I love being there
and I love being a part of the community
and part of that organization you ever
have that z-man sandwich 100% yeah that
1% I get it like post mated to me so I
get it probably like once every two
weeks this is a sandwich yeah it used to
be called Oklahoma Joe's and now it's
called what Kansas City and City jobs
yeah it's a great sandwich it's a gas
station that you just walk up to and
it's like a little like side restaurant
it's pretty it's pretty amazing yeah
here you can't eat at the gas station
you see you go to the ESPYs you're
nominated in two categories and one of
them is Best Male Athlete yes sir the
other is best football player yes sir
which I feel like you've already won
best football player having you as an
MVP of the league yeah but it still it's
a different stage so haven't been at the
SVS and yeah being nominated for the
best football player and also the best
male athlete I thought it's a tremendous
honor that's cool and you should wait on
the best male athlete thing but when
they start reading the nominees for best
football player just walk up there and
take it some good news nominated who are
you taking in the ESPYs with you so I
got my girlfriend who's here with me
right now we're back backstage and then
I have my mom is coming with me to
whenever I was in college she said if I
make the ESPYs or if I get to go there
that she wants to be my date is there an
athlete she wants to meet at the ESPYs
yes she's meeting me well it's great to
have your congratulations and I wish you
a lot of luck appreciate it not that you
will need it yeah but congratulations
Patrick mahomes everybody
generated against the jab
[Applause]
the passive moms if you liked that video
click the subscribe button but only if
you're ready for commitment